chore: Document LayerFacets refactor (#979)
front-commerce/developers.front-commerce.com: docs/100-upgrade/migration-guides/3.8-3.9.mdx

```

</details>

### Layer facets

> In this release, we refactored the `LayoutFacets.tsx` to make it easier to
> handle new types of dynamic facets coming from the the Graph, leveraging on the
> new
> [`ExtensionComponentMap`](/docs/3.x/api-reference/front-commerce-core/react#useextensioncomponentmap).

Reviewer: **suggestion:** some improvements
```suggestion
In this release, we reworked the `LayoutFacets.tsx` component to support rendering any types of dynamic facets returned by GraphQL. It leverages the
new
[`ExtensionComponentMap`](/docs/3.x/api-reference/front-commerce-core/react#useextensioncomponentmap).
```

> If you have overriden `theme/modules/Layer/LayerFacets/LayerFacets`, you will
> need to update it based on the refactor that was made. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have overriden `theme/modules/Layer/LayerFacets/LayerFacets`, you will
need to apply the changes from it's latest version to also support this feature. See
```
